NOTES:
Topic: What are your input/output interfaces that your project requires?  What are some attributes that you have agreed upon that will be in your interfaces?

------------------------
------------------------

Introduction
------------
I am James. I am part of a seven-member team working to develop an internship job board for computer science majors at the Univeristy of Mary Washington.


Purpose
--------
Getting the right intership or first job can really help set a student's path for their entire career.

This project will help facilitate that process.

Take some of the burden off the professors from having to post every job manually. 

Make it easier for employers to post jobs.

Give students a chance to share their experience working at various companies and organizations.

Today, I am going to talk a little bit about the interface for the project. How the input and output of the site will appear.



Major functions
--------------
Two major functions will be that employers will be able to post internships or jobs for computer science majors.
People who have interned at these companies or organizations will be able to give them reviews to kinda give people a heads up on what to expect.


The users
---------
There are different views for each user: the student, the employers and the admin.

The screen will appear differently to each user.
Dynamic navigation menu across the top that changes depending who is logged in.


The home page layout
----------
Job search and listing should be the first page because it would be the sought information.
Employer reviews would be prominent on the front page also.



Output screens
--------------
Job list/search -- combined functionality so one page can serve more than one function. 
Employer list/search

Individual job pages
Employer profile pages -- combined with post review.

Admin listing approval page
Admin flagged reviews page



Input screens
-------------
Login for admin and employers
Create account for employers

Edit/delete company profile
Post/approve/edit/delete job
Post/edit/delete review



Conclusion
-----------
It is important to structure a website so that it is intuitive for all the users and easy to navigate. 

Throwing too much at someone using the website can be overwhelming so we try to limit unecessary features for the users who don't need to see them. 

We use different views for each user: the student, the employers and the admin.

The screen will appear differently to each user.
There will be a dynamic navigation menu across the top that changes depending who is logged in.


---------
I hope this shows kind of how the site will be structured and the types of information we want to include.

If you have any questions, feel free to let us know. Thanks.








