Help -- Text adventure games can feel finicky, so type "help" to display some useful information about commands.
===
Multiple users -- Our engine supports play with multiple users. The minimum and maximum number of players is
determined within each .zork file. The user(s) simply enter how many players there are, enter a name and choose a 
player type (see next entry) for each player. The turn is incremented after an "action" command is completed (every
command except health, score, look, and inventory). Players may cooperate, not cooperate, or even fight each other as
winning/dying is only a game-ending event when there are no players remaining.

You can test multiple users if you get a friend (or foe, still works the same) and enter 2 in the first prompt. You
will be asked to input a name (choose wisely) and then offered a choice of player types (choose wisely-er). From
there, just be sure to pay attention to the prompt to see whose turn it is. It's surprisingly intuitive.
===
Player type -- The user is offered a choice between different player types. These different types have different names
and stat values, all hydrated from the zork file. There are three stats, all capped at 10 points:

Dexterity: Dexterity affects the chance for an attack to miss entirely. If your dexterity is higher, your attacks will
land more consistently.
Endurance: This value changes the player's maximum health. The higher the number, the higher the health.
Strength: This value determines two things - one, how much damage the player does, and two, the weight capacity of
the player's inventory.

You can test this by choosing each of the player types on different runs, and comparing miss frequency (see combat),
maximum health (type "health"), damage done (see combat again), and carry capacity (type "i") among them.
===
Equipping -- Every item in our zork game can be equipped and treated as a weapon, armor, or shield. The choice is
made automatically when equipping the item.

Weapons: Every item is by default a weapon, and has a value associated with it within the zork file for its damage.
Armor: There is a separate section in the zork files for armor. These special items take up a different slot when
equipped, and their number value corresponds to the percentage of damage reduced from each attack.
Shields: There is another section in zork for shields. They too take up a different slot, and their number represents
the chance for an attack to be blocked entirely.

You can test these items by taking and equipping (or just equipping if typing is your enemy) the scissors,
bulletProofVest, and laptop and pressing "i" for inventory. A modified print-out will display with the stats of the
items. You can test them further in combat - see below.
===
Combat -- Combat takes place among any characters within the same room. This includes the current player, any other
players, and NonPlayableCharacters (see below). It is initiated by the user entering the command "attack charName".
Users beware, if an NPC is hostile, they will initiate combat if you do any other action command in the first turn.

Damage dealt is calculated by the strength of the hitter, the damage of the weapon of the hitter, and the damage
reduction of the armor of the target. In addition, the chance for an attack to miss or be blocked entirely is
determined by the shield of the target and both parties' dexterity.

You can test combat by going "d" to Basement hallway and fighting Michael.
===
NonPlayableCharacters -- NPCs are much like players in that they have their own stats, inventories, equipped items,
and score. They also have attributes in the .zork file that players do not, like the ability to move to a new room or
stay, follow a player once combat is initiated, return dialogue, and be hostile or friendly. Hostility is set in the
.zork file, but the player can affect it. If a character is hostile and the player gives them an item, they will
become less hostile. On the other hand, attacking a friendly NPC will make them hostile. Higher valued items will
affect the hostility more.

If an NPC is killed, their inventory is added to the room's contents and their score is added to the player's. You
can test that by killing Michael (I promise his feelings won't be hurt) and checking your score ("score") and room's
contents ("look"). If, perhaps, you'd like to have a few words before "attack Michael"-ing him to bits, you can type
"talk to Micahel" to see what he has to say. You can test the hostility by giving Michael the [TESTED ITEM COMBO] and
by hitting Joey a few times (he's in B6).
